people leave the Navy for a lot of different reasons. I left the Navy
the active duty Navy, because I wanted to have ah, college career at
the school of my choice, studying what I wanted to. And that really
wasn't a Knop shin for me When I was in the military, they wanted me
to study nuclear engineering at a certain school, um, in a certain
part of the country and actually wanted to do something different.
I'm still in the Navy, you know, part time. But it's not, you know,
active duty. Um, another reason is that people would leave the military
is because it's not designed for them. You know, we try to snuff
those people out during boot camp, but we don't get everyone. Um, you
still have people who are just, um uh, complainers who are aren't
good workers who don't work well with other people in in teams. Eso
those kinds of things, they actually come out when you're working for
the 2nd and 3rd and 4th year. And to tell you truth, it will probably
be the best interest of the Navy that they're not there. That's
a safety issue, or that's an efficiency issue. Um, so it's better to
get those people out so they don't want to be here and to tell the
truth, like the Navy confined other people that can replace them. Eso
people that don't wanna be here, people that wanna a different career
for wanna go to college. Um, maybe this was just, um, to set themselves
up in life. Like even if I didn't want to go to college, I
would still probably thank the Navy for the skills that they gave me
and then continue on toe like a higher paying job in the outside world.
And there's places for people like that. In fact, the Navy actually
came up with a new retirement system called the Blended Retirement
System, which, um, is focusing on the people who know that they're
not gonna have a 20 year career. Um, for the people that are gonna
be in for 46 years, they say, Hey, you know what? We'll set you up
with your life. You be a veteran, you get these experiences, you conserve
the country and thank you for being on our ship. In the end,
we'll give you the Montgomery G. I. Bill or the post 9 11 bill. A zit
is now and we'll give you some cash. Um, for your retirement that
you can use later on. So it depends on what you want. And, um, yeah,
there's so many different reasons that I could list them all.